docs: update ai hugging face tutorial examples (#2613)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/content/tutorials/ai-assistant.md

### Obtaining your environment variables {#env-variables}

Before you'll be able to successfully run the app, you'll need to first obtain and set some environment variables.

> 1. On the **Install App** page, copy your **Bot User OAuth Token**. You will store this in your environment as `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` (we'll get to that next).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Bot token**: On the **Install App** page, copy your **Bot User OAuth Token**. You will store this in your environment as `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` (we'll get to that next).
```

> 2. Navigate to **Basic Information** and in the **App-Level Tokens** section, click **Generate Token and Scopes**. Add the [`connections:write`](https://docs.slack.dev/reference/scopes/connections.write) scope, name the token, and click **Generate**. (More on tokens [here](/authentication/tokens)). Copy this token. You will store this in your environment as `SLACK_APP_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **App token**: Navigate to **Basic Information** and in the **App-Level Tokens** section, click **Generate Token and Scopes**. Add the [`connections:write`](https://docs.slack.dev/reference/scopes/connections.write) scope, name the token, and click **Generate**. (More on tokens [here](/authentication/tokens)). Copy this token. You will store this in your environment as `SLACK_APP_TOKEN`.
```

> 3. A fine grained [access token](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens) from Hugging Face with the "Make calls to Inference Providers" permission is also needed. Keep this for `HUGGINGFACE_API_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Hugging Face token**: Obtain a fine grained [access token](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens) from Hugging Face with the "Make calls to Inference Providers" permission. Keep this for `HUGGINGFACE_API_KEY`.
```

> 3. A fine grained [access token](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens) from Hugging Face with the "Make calls to Inference Providers" permission is also needed. Keep this for `HUGGINGFACE_API_KEY`.

Reviewer: I think that makes sense! I just reworked it a bit to be clear which token you're getting with each step

### Set your environment variables {#set-vars}

Now, we are ready to store those environment variables.

1. Rename the `.env.sample` file to `.env`
2. Open the file and replace `YOUR_SLACK_APP_TOKEN` with the value of the token you generated on the **Basic Information** page. Replace `YOUR_SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` with the value of the token generated when you installed the app. Replace `YOUR_HUGGINGFACE_API_KEY` with the key you generated with Hugging Face.

```bash title=".env"
SLACK_APP_TOKEN=xapp-1-example-token
SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=xoxb-example-token
HUGGINGFACE_API_KEY=hf_exampletoken

> ```

Reviewer: Yea keep it!
